---
layout: post
title: Coffee and Contemplation - March 3, 2022
date: 2022-03-03 14:00:00 -0400
tags: []
---

Restrictions what ever they may be are not seen as a good thing.  Restrictions are by definition something holding you back.  But I think it is all in the way you look at things.  I know that some of my most creative times have come from being restricted in resources or time.  I have been thinking a lot about restrictions and mandates in regards to the pandemic. Here is what I cam too in my thinking.

Back in March of 2019, I knew when they sent us all home it was a temporary thing.  I didn't know if it would be weeks, months whatever, but I knew it was temporary. Hospitals and other medical care needed time to spin up and get ready to deal with a serious disease that had potentially bad outcomes. Fast forward to 2 years late.  The restrictions are coming off and does it ever feel great.  The limitations are coming off because we were able to come together as a society and make the changes we needed to help everyone.

Then I start thinking about the freedom convoy.  Their protest against these very restrictions. Were the restrictions hard, yes.  But were they that bad really.  Get 2 needles and away you go.  This was an imposition but a valid one.  For all the people who couldn't it was my job to help protect them as a human being.  The common thing that I saw in the protest was the individual should be placed more above the society at large. That is not what I was raised to believe.  I believe in the human race as a whole.  I want to leave this world better than when I got here. This includes protecting people that I may never know.  The concerns of the convoy while valid, I think are selfish.  Libertarianism writ large does not work.  Complete freedom without a central authority to make the water flow and the roads passable is not workable.  

Recognize that others have a right to live and find happiness in whatever they wish.  
