---
layout: post
title: Coffee and Contemplation - March 2, 2022
date: 2022-03-02 14:00:00 -0400
tags: []
---

There are days that I absolutely love technology. The things it allows us to accomplish is truly breathtaking.  But there are other days that I hate being  one who understands how the sausage is made.  After 25 years in tech, I have some deep and entrenched opinions of how tech should work.  That is the problem.  I sometimes am guilty of the 'it should work this way' thinking that I have fought against for so long in IT.  I have always enjoyed the saying 'Strong opinions, loosely held' meaning that I can be convinced that my opinion on almost any subject could be wrong.  But I also think its very important not to get caught in the trap of trying to convince someone of your opinion as being right.

That is something that I think the world has struggled with forever.  Especially in this time of social media and communication, the idea that you have to be right is so hard not to get caught up in. It's important to hear others opinions and try to understand why they are there. Not that they are wrong and they should get off at the next stop, but why are they thinking that way.  This is the harder nuance that is lost when you believe you are right.

I have been an Apple Computer Buyer, Seller, Consultant for my entire career.  Do I think Apple is infallible, absolutely not.  They have made some silly choices in my opinion, but here is the thing about that and why I will never pile on when Apple makes a mistake and why I try (Sometimes not effectively) to not pile on when someone or some group has a differing opinion than mine.  I don't know what brought them to that decision.  I wasn't there.  The life they have lead to that point has informed the choices they make.  Walk a mile in their shoes. 

As long as your opinions and beliefs do not harm others, because one persons life is not worth more than someone else, you may do so.  I will not agree with it, but you can do as you like.  Your choice, but remember that on this planet, you are not alone.  You rely on hundreds if not thousands of others on the planet to live this life you live. Whether it is your family, or all the people involved in the supply chain to get you that bagel that popped out of the toaster, you are not alone and you must understand that others needs are just as important as yours. 

So as you go about your day, try to remember that the person you are interacting with is a human being.  They are having struggles just like you, but they got up, put on pants and decided to help you, even though they have those struggles. Yoda said, 'fear leads to Anger, Anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering.' There are many things to fear in this world, but don't let fear change you.  Fear of others leads to horrible consequences. I'm not saying don't feel fear, that is impossible, but try to learn from the fear.  Figure out where the fear is coming from and confront it in a way that allows you to understand the fear and incorporate it into your life so that you can manage it.

Keep being awesome!
