---
layout: post
title: Apprecitation - June 29, 2022
date: 2022-06-29 11:00:00 -0400
tags: []
---
I have a playlist that I created a couple of years back that I call my focus list.  It helps me sit down and get into a groove.  I did it after reading a number of articles online about the benefits of the routine of it.  Routine really is such a powerful force.  I will post the link to the list at the end. It's all over the place, but I remeber spending a couple of hours over a few days really carefully considering what I was going to have as the first few songs on the list.  The first one is the one that took the shortest amount of time.

Long time listeners will know that I am an Apple Guy, through and through.  I have been an Apple Computer specialist for over 2 decades now.  I found Apple when I was young and for some reason gravitated to it.  As I grew up (I was about 11 or 12 when I got my first Apple IIe) I came to appreciate the products and to a larger extent Steve Jobs.  I still remeber pretty vividly seeing him in New York at MacWorld and at WWDC in 2007.  What a Moment to be there!

After Jobs death, I thought that his influence on me would start to wain.  Until the first event from the Steve Jobs Theatre.  They found a piece of audio of Steve talking about the ethos of Apple.  The idea that people can show a deep apprecation of humanity by building something. I remeber coming away from the event, not thinking about the product it launched but the idea of showing appreciation to all by building something. 

While I am not a 'builder' in the tranditional sense.  I have built a career around helping people use technology.  That has been my contribution.  But everytime I need to focus I hear the words of Steve Jobs and it reminds me why I do what I do.  It's not the paycheque, it's the appreciation of what I have been able to build for myself and others.  

Thanks again Steve.

[Focus Playlist](https://music.apple.com/ca/playlist/focus-playlist/pl.u-r2yBddGC9qNqjK)

